[Music]
are you a problem-solver will you be
able to crack these impossible riddles
and can you tell me how you did it you
get one point for each correct answer
keep track of your total your results
await at the end only one way down a new
restaurant opened on the roof of a
skyscraper food critic Jake is there to
try the dishes and give his feedback
suddenly a bad storm picks up and Jake
hears an announcement he went inside to
find three elevators he must pick one to
stay alive behind the first there are
dozens of venomous snakes slithering all
over the floor in the second three angry
lions are roaring as they smell him
through the doors
the third elevator is filled with water
and two hungry sharks you want to call
the building management to find out who
the heck put snakes lines and sharks in
the elevators but you need to escape
first which is the best option you have
seven seconds to decide it's the third
elevator when the door opens all the
water will pour out along with the
sharks and he can escape trapped below
the streets josh is on his way home when
he notices a group of people following
him
he sees an open maintenance hole in the
pavement and jumps in to hide but the
cover immediately shuts behind him and
he gets trapped he starts looking for
another exit and ends up in a spacious
room with three doors a nearby sign
reads only one of these doors leads to
safety behind the first there's a room
closing in on itself every 10 seconds in
the second room there are four Tigers
that haven't eaten in months and behind
the third door
there's a giant hungry boa constrictor
hmm same building management huh you're
seven seconds start now
he should pick the second door Tigers
can't go more than a couple of weeks
without food the oncoming train will was
walking on railroad tracks when he saw a
train coming right at him at full speed
as soon as he spotted it he ran toward
the Train to survive why did he do that
he was in a tunnel the only way to get
to safety was running toward the train
out of the tunnel and then jumping out
to the side the takeaway here
don't be walking on train tracks at all
the gallery incident a prestigious
gallery just had a new exhibition at the
end of the show the gallery owner
discovered that four of the most
expensive flower paintings had been
stolen the police show up to do an
investigation and now they have wait for
it three suspects Jenna the artist said
she disappeared into one of the studios
to paint
Bob the security guard said he was just
waiting outside and had no idea the
flower paintings were gone Lois the
caterer said he knew nothing about the
robbery until the police showed up so
who's the thief
[Music]
it's the security guard he couldn't have
known which paintings were stolen if he
was standing outside Oh Bob
the mayor's conundrum Mike moved to a
small town and started looking for work
the detective of the village told him
I'll make you a police officer if you
solve this case for three months the
mayor's windows have been broken every
night and the poor glass worker must
come in to install new ones every day
we've narrowed it down to three suspects
the first is a thief the mayor sent to
prison for ten years and just got out a
month ago
the second is the mayor's Butler who he
fired two months ago the third is the
glass worker himself who moved to the
town four months ago which one is the
offender it's the glass worker when he
came to the small village business was
slow so he picked the richest person to
target a blast from the past
mark and Amy were going on an adventure
to the edge of a volcano gee what could
happen before anyone could react
Amy tripped fell in the lava and
vanished no matter what mark did he
never found her a month later there was
a knock on his door when he opened it he
was in shock it was Amy but wait a
minute something's off how could it be
her seven seconds to help mark figure it
out
Amy had a birthmark on her neck and this
girl doesn't it means amy has a twin
sister named Jamie or something
trapped in the room hailey is a computer
engineer who got an exciting opportunity
to work for a major tech company
she walks in for her interview but there
are no recruiters only a dark room with
a small glowing sign boy happens to me
all the time as soon as she steps closer
to read it the electric door behind her
closes and red lights start blinking
that's when she sees a table with five
buttons on top just getting its three
can't fool you the sign on the wall
reads only one can help you escape if
she presses the first button three more
doors open in front of her the second
button will shut the power off the third
could either lock the door behind her or
open it 50/50 which one should she
choose the second button when the
electricity goes out the door behind her
will open and she'll be free and I think
twice about interviewing with that wacko
firm decisions decisions
Billy's walking home after a night out
with friends when a shadowy figure
starts following him he sees a house
with the door open and lights on he
rushes in but the door locks behind him
three doors always appear before his
eyes only one is an exit behind the
first there's hot lava if he opens the
second door there will be a 15-foot
hungry alligator waiting for him
the third door hides a huge block of ice
standing in the way which one should he
choose to escape
he picks the third door with the block
of ice waits for it to melt and then
escapes hope he brought a big lunch that
could take all week
Mike's unexpected hike one day Mike
decided to go on an adventurous hike he
walked for hours until he found a comfy
spot to set up camp at 1:00 a.m. he
hears water drops on the roof of his
tent he heads outside and sees a huge
lightning storm approaching Mike has
three options but only one of them will
keep him protected one go downhill to a
flat area filled with rocks to climb
higher on top of the mountain three head
down toward the trees which one is
safest
going downhill toward the rocks climbing
higher is a no-go during a lightning
storm he should also avoid the woods
since lightning bolts strike trees all
the time a lucky find chain is a nature
photographer on a mission in the Amazon
as he walked deeper and deeper in the
jungle he got lost he has enough water
with him but he ran out of snacks
luckily he comes across an old picnic
basket inside there are three things he
could eat but only one that's the safest
a jar of honey hard-boiled eggs and a
sandwich which is the best option seven
seconds to decide the honey no matter
how many months or years go by it
doesn't spoil the green scientist
Kevin and Claire are chemists one day a
scientist approaches them to tell them
about his new discovery he lures them
into his lab and locks them inside he
says he needs to test a new serum on
them if they take it their skin should
turn green just in time for st.
Patrick's Day
he leaves and comes back with two
glasses of ice-cold lemonade
Kevin drinks his fast but Claire waits
to see the side effects on Kevin first
after two hours nothing happens so she
drinks her glass two minutes later her
skin turns green
if both drinks had the serum why was
only Claire affected the serum was in
the ice and since Kevin drank his fast
none of it leaked into the lemonade now
let's check your results if you got zero
to three points he should work a little
bit more on your logic skills you can
solve puzzles or watch more riddling
videos to become a real Brightside
problem solver if you've got four to
seven you're half way to the top you
just need to pay a bit more attention to
the details if you came out with eight
to 11 points whoo you have a razor-sharp
mind oh I can count on you to get me out
of a difficult situation now about those
building managers what were they
thinking putting those critters in the
elevators maybe just to hide and watch
what happens
hey if you learn something new today
then give the video a like and share it
with a friend
and here are some other videos I think
you'll enjoy just click to the left or
right and remember stay on the bright
side of life
[Music]